Website verbiage


Page 1


Recent post




Tops Strategies
TOPS Open Science mission strategy is centered around fostering a collaborative and transparent research ecosystem,  increasing awareness of Open Science in Action, highlighting the greater impact of scientific efforts and more equitable access to science results.


Engagement
TOPS prioritizes engagement by actively involving researchers, institutions, and the public in the scientific process.


Capacity Sharing
Promote capacity sharing, facilitating the exchange of knowledge, data, and resources to enhance research capabilities.


Incentives
Designed to encourage and reward open science practices, such as data sharing and open access publishing


Coordination
Emphasize coordination with the broader open science community to ensure that our efforts align with and contribute to the global advancement of open and accessible research. 


OS 101 Curriculum
The Open Science 101 curriculum is a 5-module curriculum designed to equip researchers, students and citizen scientists with the knowledge and skills to navigate the principles and practices of open science, including developing an open science and data management plan. Expand your Open Science expertise and equip yourself with the essential skills required to excel in the realm of open science. Sign up today to embark on your journey towards advancing your open science proficiency and gain your NASA Open Science Certification. 




Find TOPS at Events
We invite you to visit us at various events where TOPS will be prominently featured, including  scientific meetings and gatherings of historically underrepresented communities. Our presence at these events is a unique opportunity to engage with us in a dynamic learning environment and connect with fellow open science enthusiasts. In addition to attending insightful sessions, engaging townhalls, and exploring our informative booth, we are proud to offer workshops specifically designed to teach our Open Science 101 curriculum centered around essential skills for open science practitioners. 


OR


Join us at events where TOPS shines, from scientific meetings to gatherings of underrepresented communities, Engage with us in dynamic learning environments, attend sessions, town halls, and explore our informative booth. Our tailored workshops teach essential skills for open science. Enrich your knowledge, connect with peers, and empower yourself. Join us on your open science journey!


OR


Join us at TOPS events, from scientific meetings to gatherings of underrepresented communities. Engage in dynamic learning, attend sessions, and explore our informative booth. Our workshops teach essential open science skills. Enrich your knowledge, connect with peers, and empower yourself on the open science journey. 


Join the Transform to open science community
Sign up for the Transform to Open Science newsletter to stay connected[a]


Footer?
Our goal is to hold space for the scientific community to come together for intentional discussions around broadening participation and developing an equal level playing field to prioritize NASA’s Open Source Science Initiative priorities. We hope you will join us and the TOPS community as we work to build sustained relationships with traditionally excluded groups within the scientific community. Please feel free to share your thoughts and announcements on our Github discussions to get added to our next month's newsletter!




Page 2 


Events
See above events


Join the Transform to open science community
Sign up for the Transform to Open Science newsletter to stay connected


Footer?
Our goal is to hold space for the scientific community to come together for intentional discussions around broadening participation and developing an equal level playing field to prioritize NASA’s Open Source Science Initiative priorities. We hope you will join us and the TOPS community as we work to build sustained relationships with traditionally excluded groups within the scientific community. Please feel free to share your thoughts and announcements on our Github discussions to get added to our next month's newsletter!




Page 3 


Blog
All post 


Discover the world of open science and its transformative impact by delving into our blog and success stories. Join us in exploring the exciting realm of collaborative, transparents research. Read more to be inspired and informed about the latest breakthroughs and innovations. 


Join the Transform to open science community
Sign up for the Transform to Open Science newsletter to stay connected[b]


Footer?
Our goal is to hold space for the scientific community to come together for intentional discussions around broadening participation and developing an equal level playing field to prioritize NASA’s Open Source Science Initiative priorities. We hope you will join us and the TOPS community as we work to build sustained relationships with traditionally excluded groups within the scientific community. Please feel free to share your thoughts and announcements on our Github discussions to get added to our next month's newsletter!


Page 4
About
Complete?


Page 5 
Contact
Complete
Need FAQS


Page 6
Complete
[a]redo
[b]redo